feat: add overwrite_src_cols parameter to derived_columns (#474)
ScalefreeCOM/datavault4dbt: docs/01_macro-instructions/02_staging/04_derived-columns.md

The parameter `src_cols_required` is only required when the Stage model is configured to not include the source columns by setting the parameter `include_source_columns` to false.

If this is the case, you have to list all columns used within the SQL expressions under the parameter `src_cols_required`. This information is required to properly generate the model SQL.

## OVERWRITE SOURCE COLUMNS

> The optional boolean parameter `overwrite_src_cols` can be set per derived column. When set to `true`, the source columns listed under `src_cols_required` are **excluded from the staging CTE output**, so only the derived alias column appears — preventing duplicate columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional boolean parameter `overwrite_src_cols` can be set per derived column. When set to `true`, the source columns listed under `src_cols_required` are **excluded from the staging CTE output**, so only the derived alias column appears. The parameter defaults to `false` when omitted.
```

> This is particularly useful when **renaming columns whose original name cannot be referenced downstream**, for example columns containing special characters (e.g. German umlauts like `ä`, `ö`, `ü`) on platforms such as Databricks. Without `overwrite_src_cols: true`, both the original and the renamed column would appear side by side in the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```jinja
derived_columns:
    account_name_clean:
        value: Kontonäme
        datatype: STRING
        src_cols_required: Kontonäme

>         overwrite_src_cols: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    domain:
        value: Domäne
        datatype: STRING
        src_cols_required: Domäne
        overwrite_src_cols: true
```

```

> In this example, `Kontonäme` is excluded from the staging CTE and only `account_name_clean` appears in the output. The parameter defaults to `false` when omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, `Domäne` is excluded from the staging CTE and only `domain` appears in the output.
```
